Add additional information to Safari quirks (#42)
MasterKale/SimpleWebAuthn-homepage: docs/advanced/browser-quirks.md

When adding support for WebAuthn, special considerations must be made for the Safari browser on both iOS and macOS:

> * [@simplewebauthn/browser's `startRegistration()`](packages/browser.mdx#startregistration) and [`startAuthentication`](packages/browser.mdx#startauthentication) must be called in a **native** click listener (user gesture detection). Some JS UI libraries, like VueJS 2, may not use native click handling without the use of framework-specific functionality [like Vue's `.native` modifier](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components-custom-events.html#Binding-Native-Events-to-Components).

Reviewer: It turns out Vue 2 is deprecated!

![Screenshot 2024-01-13 at 10 43 37 AM](https://github.com/MasterKale/SimpleWebAuthn-homepage/assets/5166470/85a7a357-9bc3-40d0-a89f-b1d27703814d)

For sake of editorial longevity let's make it a more general reference to the framework:

```suggestion
* [@simplewebauthn/browser's `startRegistration()`](packages/browser.mdx#startregistration) and [`startAuthentication`](packages/browser.mdx#startauthentication) must be called in a **native** click listener (user gesture detection). Some JS UI libraries, like Vue, may not use native click handling without the use of framework-specific functionality [like Vue's `v-on` directive on a native HTML element](https://vuejs.org/api/built-in-directives.html#v-on).
```

I also tossed in an updated reference to how Vue 3 seems to enable listening to native DOM events (though I haven't tested it myself 🤔.) https://vuejs.org/guide/components/events.html#emitting-and-listening-to-events is the latest version of the current URL but it doesn't have anything like `.native` anymore for me to reference so I'm not sure if it's the true updated technique.

Author: Vue 3 dropped the .native modifier. Event listeners like @click are now native by default if not manually handled by the component.

Reviewer: Unless you are a Vue developer I'm thinking the Vue reference gets taken out completely. I certainly am not keeping up with Vue's evolution that closely to know what to replace the `.native` reference with.

```suggestion
* [@simplewebauthn/browser's `startRegistration()`](packages/browser.mdx#startregistration) and [`startAuthentication`](packages/browser.mdx#startauthentication) must be called in a **native** click listener (user gesture detection). Some JS UI libraries may not use native click handling without the use of framework-specific functionality.
```

Author: I agree, that we should remove framework specific information.
